All in Attendance

- Discussed SRS feedback
- Planned meeting with TA to discuss:
    - Template followed (not understanding what he meant by vagueness / high level when the example given was as well)
    - We were led to believe P0 is for absolutely essential features but lost marks for not putting valuable features (not not required features) in P0
    - Unsure if we lost marks on comments 5 and 6; Clarity on where we lost the marks would be good
    - Bring up that most of our work is being allocated to Semester 2, where two members have less classes / less heavy workload
- Leiah brought up Skeleton UI Designs
- Tony worked on Schemas for database and implemented it
- Planned next meeting for Tuesday Sep 4th @ 4:30pm

ACTION ITEMS

Martin
- Book TA Meeting (Aim for Friday during Classtime)
- Book Prof Meeting

Tony
- API Schemas / Planning / Setup
- Initialize front end repo

Nic
- Busy week, TBD

Andre
- Look at design ideas 
- Algorithm research

Leiah
- Collabrate with Andre on design ideas